Update systemtime.rst (#3190)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: mavproxy/source/docs/modules/systemtime.rst

interval             How often to send the system time (seconds)      10
==================   ===============================================  ===============================

> Note: you will need to set the `BRD_RTC_TYPES <https://ardupilot.org/copter/docs/parameters.html#brd-rtc-types-allowed-sources-of-rtc-time>`__ = 2 on the autopilot to enable updates from ``SYSTEM_TIME`` messages.

Reviewer: Hmmm.  This is a bitmask, so setting it to 2 - while it will work - isn't necessarily the value the user wants.

```suggestion
Note: you will need to include the value "2" (MAVLINK_SYSTEM_TIME) in the `BRD_RTC_TYPES <https://ardupilot.org/copter/docs/parameters.html#brd-rtc-types-allowed-sources-of-rtc-time>`__ bitmask on the autopilot to enable updates from ``SYSTEM_TIME`` messages.

```

Is that still clear enough?

Author: Hi Peter, yes I think that's still clear enough.

> Note: you will need to include the value "2" (MAVLINK_SYSTEM_TIME) in the `BRD_RTC_TYPES <https://ardupilot.org/copter/docs/parameters.html#brd-rtc-types-allowed-sources-of-rtc-time>`__ bitmask on the autopilot to enable updates from ``SYSTEM_TIME`` messages.

Reviewer 2: the value is not 2, it is setting bit 1 of the bitmask....
```suggestion
Note: you will need to set bit 1 (MAVLINK_SYSTEM_TIME) in the :ref:`BRD_RTC_TYPES <BRD_RTC_TYPES>`__ bitmask on the autopilot to enable updates from ``SYSTEM_TIME`` messages.

```
